add HelloJSON example + README (#424)
swift-server/swift-aws-lambda-runtime: readme.md

"dlroW olleH"
```

## Developing your Swift Lambda functions 

### Receive and respond with JSON objects

> Typically, your Lambda functions will receive an input parameter expressed as JSON and will respond with another JSON. The Swift AWS Lambda runtime automatically takes care of encoding and decoding JSON objects when your Lambda function handler accepts `Decodable` and returns `Encodable` conforming `struct`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, your Lambda functions will receive an input parameter expressed as JSON and will respond with some other JSON. The Swift AWS Lambda runtime automatically takes care of encoding and decoding JSON objects when your Lambda function handler accepts `Decodable` and returns `Encodable` conforming types.
```
